executor: Polish docs (#40801)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/deploy_executors.md

## Requirements

Executors by default use KVM-based micro VMs powered by [Firecracker](https://github.com/firecracker-microvm/firecracker) in accordance with our [sandboxing model](executors.md#how-it-works) to isolate jobs from each other and the host.

> This requires executors to be run on machines capable of running Linux KVM extensions. For cloud providers, this means executors require bare-metal machines or machines capable of nested virtualization, which is made available by most popular Cloud providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requires executors to be run on machines capable of running Linux KVM extensions. On the most popular cloud providers, this either means running executors on bare-metal machines or machines capable of nested virtualization.
```

> Not using KVM-based isolation can be done using executors, but is not the default and is less secure by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, executors can be run without using KVM-based isolation, which is less secure but might be easier to run on common machines..
```

## Installation

> That means, in order to deploy executors that can talk to the Sourcegraph instance, you need to do the following:

Reviewer: If you remove the first two paragraphs, also remove "That means":

```suggestion
In order to deploy executors that can talk to the Sourcegraph instance, you need to do the following:
```

1. [Configure a shared secret in the Sourcegraph instance](#configure-sourcegraph)
1. [Run executors](#run-executors)
  - [Using Terraform](#terraform)
  - [Using binaries](#binaries)
1. [Confirm executors can reach the Sourcegraph instance](#confirm-executors-are-working)
1. Optional: [Configure auto scaling](#configuring-auto-scaling)

### Configure Sourcegraph

> Executors operate outside of your Sourcegraph instance and must be run separately from your Sourcegraph server deployment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executors must be run separately from your Sourcegraph instance.
```

<p>
<strong>Caution: This process is currently very manual and might change between releases. We will mature this process as we move towards GA of executors, but for now expect to do manual work for upgrades and for the initial setup.</strong>
</p>
</aside>

The Sourcegraph-provided executor VM images for Cloud providers contain a lot of things that executors currently expect to be present and configured like outlined in there. For your currently running release of Sourcegraph, please refer to our [install script setting up the machine for executors use](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/blob/main/enterprise/cmd/executor/vm-image/install.sh) for your Sourcegraph version. This script also handles some security concerns, like configuring iptables, so make sure to follow this script when you derive your own machine setup.

Once dependencies are met, you can download and run executor binaries:

**Step 1:** Confirm that virtualization is enabled

KVM (virtualization) support is required for [our sandboxing model](executors.md#how-it-works) with Firecracker. The following command checks whether virtualization is enabled on the machine (it should print something):

```bash

> lscpu | grep Virtualization

Reviewer: Otherwise it's a bit unclear what the command and what the output is:
```suggestion
$ lscpu | grep Virtualization
```

Virtualization:      VT-x
```

> On Ubuntu-like systems, you can also use the tool `kvm-ok` available in the `cpu-checker` package to reliably validate KVM support of your host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Ubuntu-based distributions, you can also use the tool `kvm-ok` available in the `cpu-checker` package to reliably validate KVM support on your host:
```

```bash

> apt-get update && apt-get install -y cpu-checker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install cpu-checker
$ apt-get update && apt-get install -y cpu-checker
```

> kvm-ok

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Check for KVM support
$ kvm-ok
```

mv executor /usr/local/bin
```

**Step 3:** Configure your machine

> The executor makes a lot assumptions about it's environment today. It has to have a working installation of ignite, that is configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executors require a working installation of ignite, that is configured
```

I don't think there's "a lot of assumptions" here, only hard reauirements :)

Author: it does make a lot of assumptions, like various images being present on disk, iptables being configured correctly and such.

> and expects the sourcegraph/ignite-ubuntu base image for the VMs ready. In addition, we also do some hardening of regular ignite in

Reviewer: I'd highlight these two requirements more. Bullet points maybe?

```suggestion
and expects the `sourcegraph/ignite-ubuntu` base image for the VMs ready. In addition, we also do some hardening of regular ignite in
```

our pre-built environments to restrict networking further and use up-to-date kernels.

> Until we automate more of this outside of our pre-built images, refer to [the script that our pre-built images use](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/blob/main/enterprise/cmd/executor/vm-image/install.sh)
> for how we do it. Usually, 95% of this file should be portable to any environment.

Reviewer: **Important:** I'd highlight this more. It's easy to miss that one needs to run this script, since it's indirectly said ("refer to [script] for how we do it") and in the 3rd sentence of a paragraph.

I suggest creating a seperate paragraph that says something like:

```suggestion
To build the required `sourcegraph/ignite-ubuntu` base image, use this [build script](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/blob/main/enterprise/cmd/executor/vm-image/install.sh) and, when necessary, adjust it:

<bash instructions that `wget` the script and execute it>
```

If you put bash instructions in there to download the script, readers will know that they have to do something in this section, even if they end up manually downloading the file, etc.

Author: It is explicitly framed that way because people should never run this script, just get inspired by it. I know this install mode is flawed, but I don't have anything better to offer today. It does some deep system modifications though that the user needs to understand. Modifying iptables for example can cause other networking issues. Also, it installs a google cloud agent etc, those should NOT be installed.

export EXECUTOR_FRONTEND_PASSWORD=hunter2hunter2hunter2
```

> Done! You can start your executor now.

Reviewer: Come on! Leave the command to start it, that's the best part :)

```suggestion
```bash
/usr/local/bin/executor
```
```

Author: This is only how you start it on a machine that 100% used the script we use, but I don't want to assume that.

- [AWS example](https://github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-aws-executors/tree/master/examples/multiple-executors)
- [Google example](https://github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors/tree/master/examples/multiple-executors)

> #### Example step-by-step installation

Reviewer: Good!
